IO homework

1. Implement a method to get a list of all file/directory names from the given.

2. Implement a method to get specific files by extensions from a specified folder.

3. Implement a method to check if a file or directory specified by pathname exists or not.

4. Implement a method to check if a file or directory has read and write permission.

5. Implement a method to check if given pathname is a directory or a file.

6. Implement a method to compare two files lexicographically.

In mathematics, the lexicographic or lexicographical order (also known as lexical order, dictionary order,

alphabetical order or lexicographic(al) product) is a generalization of the way

the alphabetical order of words is based on the alphabetical order of their component letters.

This generalization consists primarily in defining a total order over the sequences

(often called words in computer science) of elements of a finite totally ordered set, often called alphabet.

7. Implement a method to get last modified time of a file.

8. Implement method to read input from java console.

9. Implement a method to get file size in bytes, kb, mb.

10. Implement a method to read contents from a file into byte array.

11. Implement a method to read a file content line by line.

12. Implement a method to read a plain text file.

13. Implement a method to read a file line by line and store it into a variable.

14. Implement a method to store text file content line by line into an array.

15. Implement a method to write and read a plain text file.

16. Implement a method to append text to an existing file.

17. Implement a method to read first 3 lines from a file.

18. Implement a method to find the longest word in a text file.
19. Implement a terminal (cmd) in Java using IO operations and new nice :)  features from Java 8.
Your app should replicate at least 8 commands and a help command (exclusive) that shows the available commands.
Commands are given in the console (including the options for that command) and result of the command should also
be displayed in the console or a feedback message.

E.g.
1. dir command from cmd displays the content of the current directory (in Linux ls is the equivalent)
Usage:
dir

Output (for my current directory):

.classpath

.project

.settings

pom.xml

src

target

2. cd path2 will change the current path from the cmd to path2
Usage: cd C:\Users\ionut.spalatelu\Desktop\eclipse-workspace\Challenges
No output for this one, will be visible at the cursor.